[doc] Amend naming rule and recommended # of alerts/IP (#4926)
lowRISC/opentitan: doc/rm/comportability_specification/index.md

Recoverable alerts must be prefixed with `recov_*`, whereas fatal alerts must be prefixed with `fatal_*`.
For instance, an uncorrectable parity error in SRAM could be named `fatal_parity_error`.

In cases where many diverse alert sources are bundled into one alert event (see [Alert Hardware Implementation]({{< relref "#alert-hardware-implementation" >}})), it may sometimes be difficult to assign the alert event a meaningful and descriptive name.
In such cases, it is permissible to default the alert names to just `recov` and/or `fatal`.

> Note that this implies that the peripheral does not expose more than one alert per type.

Reviewer: Maybe "... more than one alert for that type"? I don't think we want to disallow e.g. 3 alerts: recov_foo, recov_bar and fatal.

Author: good point, I'll reword as you suggested.

It is up to the peripheral owner to determine what are distinct alert events;
multiple ones can be bundled depending upon the distinction required within the module (i.e.  high priority threat vs. low level threat).

> As a general guideline, it is recommended that each peripheral bundles alert sources into 1-2 distinct alert events, for example one fatal and one recoverable alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As a general guideline, it is recommended that each peripheral bundles alert sources into one or two distinct alerts, for example one fatal and one recoverable alert.
```
